And once we have covered justify content that was responsible for aligning our items horizontally next
one up we're going to take a look at the online content that is responsible for aligning our items vertically.
And also since CSX says grid is in fact using implicit grid meaning as we keep on adding items.
Grid is smart and it just keeps on adding rows.
Technically if we wouldn't want to we can align our items without specifically setting up any kind of
rows.
So I can show you right away that let's say if I'm gonna go with online content and I'm going to go
with the value of center.
Notice how my items are nicely sitting in the center.
Now one thing we need to keep in mind though that when we are working with aligning items vertically
we for sure need to have a height.
So since we have hundred percent right now.
That's the reason why everything is work.
If it wouldn't be height so if there wouldn't be any kind of height.
Well it wouldn't work.
Now I also would like let you know that by default we have the stretch and I guess the best way to show
that is let's say if I'm going to comment on these last three items and if we're just going to comment
out also our center you're going to notice that our columns are stretching all the way from the top
to a bottom.
Now of course what happens since we're adding more rows than they are just dividing that space that
we already had.
Correct.
But by default you're going to have this stretch behavior.
So even though I haven't added a stretch while I still have that behavior.
So if we're going to test it out let's say a line content and I'm gonna go ahead stretch notice nothing
is going to change now so let me comment it out so we can keep on working and right after the stretch
I'm going to take a look at the Flex start.
So let's say a line content and then let's write flex start something like that.
So now my columns are all the way on the top.
Now I also like to let you know that of course we could set up our rows.
So let's say a grid template rows numbers in a couple with some kind of values.
So let's say 200 pixels and 200 pixels.
But if I wouldn't want to I could just keep my auto ones as well.
It is not against the law so let's write flex and now my items are going to sit all the way in the bottom.
Cause we can copy paste that and check it out the values then we have space around space between as
well as the space evenly also probably should be there but oversea.
So let's write space around.
So now we have some space around space between.
Now we have space between and let's try it out space evenly.
And now we have space evenly.
So essentially these are the values that we can use when we use online content that is responsible for
setting up our items vertically.